you again I can't say I'm surprised
there's nothing to stop me from killing
you this time
let's end this I beg to differ the
Enclave is at the height of its power
once this facility is operational the
masses will flock to the Enclave for
fresh water
protection and a plan for the future the
American people are worth fighting for
the future must be secured I won't let
you stand in the way of that and what
would you have me do let you have
everything I've worked to build let you
destroy it all
and you you would just let me leave how
can I be sure you won't just shoot me
once I turn my back on you I suppose it
doesn't matter much now very well I
shall leave you to your fate
I guess I shouldn't be surprised that
you just let him walk away
it's amazing the world hasn't beaten
that out of you you'd just better hope
it doesn't come back to bite you now
let's get this place locked down
dr. wink it's Sarah Lyons I'm in the
control room and we're both here what's
going on I've been monitoring the
equipment remotely and we have a serious
problem the facility has been damaged
during the fighting some of it looks
accidental some of it may have been
sabotage there's pressure building up
and holding tanks it needs to be
released now or else the whole facility
could explode to release the pressure
we're gonna have to turn the purifier on
do you understand me it has to be turned
on now if I'm reading this right I'm
afraid there are lethal levels of
radiation inside the chamber I'm sorry I
wish there was some other way but
there's just no time you'd have to be
done now where the damage would be
catastrophic well so much for
celebrating one of us is going to have
to go in there and turn the damn thing
on and whoever does it isn't coming back
out not exactly how I imagined going out
you know so what should we do draw
straws if that's how you want to do this
fine but be quick about it
hmm this
ah of course
my immunity to radiation makes me a far
better candidate for surviving in there
I would say that your destiny lies
within that chamber but you have already
altered mine the least I can do is
return the favor
cycle the airlock and we'll put an end
to this
if you're still there the purifier needs
to be activated now you don't have much
time left
and so it was that the lone wanderer
ventured forth from vault 101 intent on
discovering the fate of a father who had
once sacrificed the future of humanity
for that of his only child the capital
wasteland proved a cruel inhospitable
place but the lone wanderer refused to
surrender to the vices that had claimed
so many others the values passed on from
father to child selflessness
compassion honor guided this noble soul
through countless trials and triumphs it
was not until the end of this long road
that the lone wanderer was faced with
that greatest of virtuous sacrifice
but the child refused to follow the
father's selfless example instead
allowing a true hearing to venture into
the irradiated control chamber of
project purity thankfully when selected
by the sinister President to be his
instrument of annihilation
The Wanderer refused humanity with all
its flaws was deemed worthy preservation
the waters of life flow at last free and
pure for any and all
the capital wasteland at long last was
saved so ends the story of the lone
wanderer who stepped through the great
door of vault 101 and into the annals of
legend but the tale of humanity will
never come to a close for the struggle
of survival is a war without end and war
war never changes